Hi, this is Scott. I
really appreciate our sponsors because
they make the show possible.
Today's show is sponsored by
developer express, become a UI
superhero with dev express controls
and libraries. Deliver elegant.net solutions
that address customer needs today
by leveraging your existing knowledge,
you can build next generation
touch enabled solutions for tomorrow,
you can download your free
30 day trial@dxdothanselminutes.com. That's dx.hanselminutes.com
from hanselminutes.com. It's Hansel minutes,
a weekly discussion with web
developer and technologist Scott Hanselman.
This is Lawrence Ryan announcing show
number four 62. In this
episode, Scott talks with Paul
bets, formerly of ghetto about
building cross platform, desktop apps
with Adam shell. Hi, this
is Scott Hanselman. This is
another episode of Hansel minutes,
and I am talking with
Paul bets formerly of GitHub.
Now, currently working at Slack.
How are you sir? Doing
great. Doing great Slack is
like the product that won't
quit. It is really hot
right now. Yeah, We're really
excited. That's going. Everything's going
really well. So What does
Slack do for the one
person that doesn't know? So
Slack is communications tool for,
for your business. It's for
small offices, large offices, and
you can kind of think
of it as kind of
a modern version of IRC.
So it's, you have rooms
that are exist for a
long time. There it's not
like a Skype where you
kinda pull a bunch of
people in and then, you
know, you delete that chat
and it's gone forever and
yeah, so we bring together
your documents. We bring together
people talking about stuff. We
have really great search, so
you can find things that
people talked about in the
past and we bring together
all your other services too.
So you integrate, like if
you're in a software project,
you integrate your GitHub and
maybe CCI build and they
show up and chat too.
And so it's a great
way to work together and
see what's going on. So,
yeah. Cool. So the thing
about Slack is that it
integrates itself into your life
so much that you have
to have it everywhere and
you know, I've got it
on my iPhone and my
iPad, but on the, on
windows, I ended up using
a, a browser basically, and
people have been asking, I've
been hearing myself a lot
that people want a windows
application. So you guys are
writing a windows app for
Slack now. Right? So right
now we have a, a
Mac app and a iOS
and Android. And right now
we're working on both a
windows, desktop app and a
windows phone, 8.1 F. Okay.
And as a windows phone,
8.1 And windows. Yeah. So
there's two separate applications. And
what technology are you using
for to write those applications?
So the windows phone application
is pretty standard caliber and
micro application, you know, uses
it's a universal application, but
for initial release, it will
be phone only. But the
desktop application that I work
on it is built using
Adam shell, which, which is
this technology that is the
host of the text editor
Adam from GitHub, Adam shell.
So Adam is like the,
it looks like sublime, text
editor, like you said, it's
the, it's the editor from
get hub and it's all
open source. And inside that
it's, is it just a
window frame and a browser,
or is that oversimplifying things?
So Adam shell is basically,
they took Chrome, the browser
specifically this module, that's fairly
new to Chrome called the
chromium chromium content module. And
so they split, they split
kind of like the contents
of every tab is split
into its own library that
you can interact with. You
can do all kinds of
stuff. So they took that
and took the VA run
loop, like, you know, JavaScripts
the VA, the JavaScript engine
from Chrome and integrated it
with no JS. And so
the effect of that is
that you can open the
dev tools in Adam or
any Adam shell app and
type like require Fs. Like,
and now you can do
file system operations or anything
that you can do in
no JS you can do
in a Chrome now in
an Adam shell. So let
me think, let me see
how I can understand this.
So I know that I
can write note applications at
the command line. I know
that like the app, for
example, the Azure cross-platform STK
when I type no dot
exe, that is a note
app and I can use
required JS against the file
system there. Right? So this
is bringing that into the,
into the gooey world. Yup,
exactly. So you get, you
get, not only do you
get no JS, you have
the Dom and you have
CSS and you have HTML
and you can do whatever
you want that. So basically
how it works is that
when you start an Adam
shell app, you're effectively in
a no JS run loop,
there's no windows, there's no
anything. And one of the
things you can do is
create a new browser window
class. And so that opens
the Dom, it opens the
HTML and CSS and give
it an initial page to
load. And then you can,
and you can create as
many windows as you want
to court. And then you're
in, you're in a browser
and you can, you you're
in a browser that can
do special things that can
do things that a desktop
app could, Are you bringing
a full version of Chrome
or a mostly full version
of Chrome down and making
it private to me? So
I, you know, making the
Scott Adams shell application, I now
have to be responsible for
updating this Chrome browser, if
there's a security problem. Well,
so ideally that the content
that you're running in this
Adam app, Adam shell app,
is content that you control
and usually is local. So
a lot of the security
issues around that you'd be
worried about. Normally you're not
so worried about it because
you're only loading content that
you wrote yourself. You're not
loading content over the web
in a, in a very
general way. Adam shell provides
a way to put a
sandbox around web content. So
you can load arbitrary content,
like, you know, like third
party embeds and stuff like
that. That's safe. So you
don't have to worry about
people breaking out of it.
But yeah, so you're maintaining
a version of Chrome that
you can update on and
whenever you want, so if
you find security updates, you
should probably send them down
to your customers if you
like them. So, And like
you said, though, it's not
really chrom it's, it's chromium
the open source project, not
Chrome, the Google browser. Exactly.
So the difference is that
Google Chrome has a bunch
of Google services built in.
So like when you use
the, like the voice dictation,
it sends it to Google
servers. So chromium doesn't have
that because they're not your,
you don't have a token
for Google service. And how
is this different from node
WebKit, They're really similar. The
biggest difference is that node
WebKit, it's more of an
approach and implementation than anything
node WebKit directly hacks on
Chrome. Like they, they, they
have cloned chromium and they're
changing a whole bunch of
stuff in the browser, in
the actual code of chromium,
which means that they can,
it's easier for them to
implement certain features, but also
means that it's very hard
for them to keep up
with Chrome. So they used
to be like, like six
versions behind on chromium. And
they've, they've recently upgraded. Adam
does it in a it's
approaches more, this less hands
off is more hands off
to, to chromium itself. So
they don't have to patch
Chrome that much. And that
has advantages of density. Now
in own webcast, I guess,
was renamed to end WJS.
And this comes out of
Intel and they're following Chrome
and chromium. And I think
they're on chromium 38 or
something. Now, how, how would
someone who's listening make a
decision between Adam shell and,
and something like NW JS?
I think they're both good
choices. I think you can
think about like, both of
them are, are fairly well
documented and have, they both
have lists of like the
features they support and they
mostly intersect, but not completely.
So you can kind of
look and research, which one,
which one you want to
use. I personally think that
Adam shell is a great
choice, But are you biased?
I'm very biased, but I
think they're both good then.
Like you're, you're not making
a mistake by choosing the
wrong one. Isn't this kind
of weird though, that, that
we're bringing the web for
UI perspective into the desktop
and like, what's the point
of an operating system at
all, right? Isn't it, isn't
Adam shell kind of justifying
the whole concept of the
Chromebook, like desktop iOS has
go away now. And it's
all just, you know, a
browser frame A little bit,
but you like, so my
path has always been native
desktop applications, like never been
web anything. But the thing
you have to realize is
that the web is the
most advanced rendering and layout
engine in the world. And
all the, all the people
who are doing, you know,
the most interesting or, or
advanced work in building a
really fast, really capable hardware,
accelerated like UI layout tool
is all in HTML and
CSS. Like, you know, it's
crazy how easy you can
do these Harbour accelerated beautiful
animations in CSS. And compared
to like, you know, if
I were to try to
implement that in native code,
it'd be, you know, days
and days and days and
days. And I can do
it in CSS in five
minutes. That's really interesting because
things like, you know, WPF
has a very sophisticated compositing
engine and they do a
lot of cool graphic stuff.
OSX is always including new,
you know, Coco this and,
and, you know, core that
metal this to make 3d
effects and transparencies and things
possible. So there's still work
happening in native code or
in, in, in native or
managed code. That's not on
the web. Like I don't
think the web has completely
taken over the rendering engine
market, but you're, you're arguing
that it largely has. I
wouldn't say that they're completely
taken over, but I think
that it's way easier. Like
the amount of like results
to effort you get from
the web is, is, is
way more, you get more
for the work you put
in, basically. And when I
have this application, now I've
got a, what kind of
base footprint. I mean, I
was just 20 or 30
megs for hello world because
it includes a lot of,
you know, includes, it includes
chromium includes the chromium files.
What's what's my size on
today. Yeah. So that's one
of the disadvantages is you
get a pretty big app
now. So we use in,
in the Slack desktop application,
we use squirrel for windows,
which is an install technology
that I wrote. And one
of the features of it
is Delta updates. So once
people get on the box,
updates are often really small,
like around 500 K. So
instead of, they don't have
to download this 60 MB
update every single time you
send it down. So the
auto updater that's, this that's
squirrel and that's yours. Yep.
Yeah. And is that like,
kind of like click once
it's a better click once.
So then it's also cross
platform. It's a better click
once it's a click. Once
it's more controllable, you can,
it's just a library. You
can do whatever you want
with it. You can do
things like I want to
test updates. So I'll point
my update server to just
a folder on my computer,
and then I can run
the updates and see what
happens. So it's, it's way
more flexible than click. So
in the auto updater is
something, is that implemented for
windows too? Yeah. Yeah. So
the auto updater is, is
a C sharp, actually a
bunch of C sharp code,
basically. Huh? Okay. So when
you went to Slack, you
guys had to, to make
a decision, like, are, what
are we gonna do? We're
gonna, we're gonna make this
windows application we wanted to
have the best experience ever.
Was there something about the
Slack application or the Slack
way of thinking that said
it's obvious to do this
with web technology? Yeah. So
I think that the Mac
app that previously, already existed
already had used this approach.
And so we kind of
wanted to go to something
similar. And so we had
a few other options on
how to do that. We
could build our own kind
of like web frame and
write the code in C
plus plus the hosting code
and C plus plus we
could write it, you know,
in C sharp with WPF
using something like Steph sharp,
which is a C-sharp component
to embed chromium into a
WPF window. But this one
ended up being like the
easiest one and it's worked
out pretty well. So Do
you think that if a,
if a company has a
whole lot of web technology
already, if they're already deep
into node that just makes
Adam shell even more of
a slam dunk? Yeah, I
think it's, it makes it
really easy, especially because it's
great to share with, with
other people on your team
who are more used to
web technology, because they can
just open up dev tools
and hack around. It's very
familiar. They don't have to
learn anything, this completely new
stack, this new technology, this
new, you know, thing I
can send, I can send
the Slack up to designers
on my team and they
just open it up and
start messing with CSS. And,
and that's cool. So what's
that like? So you said
dev tools, I assume that
means Chrome dev tools have
12 tools. Yep. You use
zip this up and you
send it to me. I'm
a designer. I just open
up that folder and supply
him or my text editor
of choice. And do I
just somehow hit refresh on
the actual native windows app
and it reloads what I'm
doing. We've got a one
even better actually. So we
have this in our, in
our dev mode, we have
a tool that will actually,
it's a script you want
run called script slash run.
And what it does is
that it enables a live
reload in our desktop app.
So they'll be editing the
hit, save the app automatically
knows restarts it. And so
your, your iteration loop for
doing work on Adam shell
ops is really, really short,
which is really great. Wow.
Okay. So to make, to
put this in the context
though, cause I know I
keep pushing on the it's
Chrome and a shell though.
It's it's the full, your
full support on the native
platform you're on. So if
I want to do windows
specific stuff, I can still
do that. Right? Yeah. So
one of the cool things
about using Adam shell is
that you can pull in
no JS modules like any
NPM module, including ones that
have native code. So NPM
are usually written in Java
script. Sometimes it can be
written in C plus plus,
and that C plus plus
code can do whatever any
other C plus plus code
could do. And so including
those modules are, and there's
a bunch of useful modules
that have already been built
for Adam show. So you
can like, for example, we
use one that pulls in
the native spellchecker in the
U S so like you
can, you can integrate that
module and it's for your,
from your perspective, it's just
JavaScript, but it's written in
C plus plus, and they've
done a bunch of stuff
too, to bind native code.
And so connecting your own
native code is a little
bit of work, but can
be definitely done. And it's
not too hard. Hey, this
is Scott. You know, I
like a good community edition.
The best things in life
are free. And the community
license from our sponsors sync
fusion will give individual and
small business developers access to
more than 650 components across
12 platforms. And that includes
WPF and windows forms, JavaScript,
Xamarin, Lightswitch, you can check
it all out. It's sync,
fusion.com/hanselman to claim your free
license. No, that's really interesting
because I could see the
doing this the wrong way
would be, you know, when
I right click, I get
a menu that doesn't quite
look native. And as a
reimplementation of a spellchecker, when
I've got a perfectly good
one sitting right here already,
it's kind of what we
did in, in Java. We
spent, I spent a lot
of time working in Java
in the mid nineties, late
nineties. And we were constantly
trying to make it look
native because it was simply
not possible to make it
look native. You know, it
was like that, that right
click menu doesn't look right.
Well it's cause it's a
fake right click menu. We,
we drew that. That's a
lie. You're basically saying use
web stuff or what the
web stuff is good at
and then use native stuff
with native stuff. Yeah, exactly.
Or being able to pull
in like kind of platform
APIs as well, like kind
of back end things that
you'd want to do on
desktop applications. Like put things,
putting elements in the notification
tray. Like you can put
things in there and that's
using C plus plus code
stuff like that. And believe
it, Balloon toast notifications on
windows, but grunt on, On
Mac. Exactly. Yeah. Is it,
is that what the notification
systems call? I think it
was called growl growl. Pardon
me? See grant go. Gulp
gal. Nobody can keep track.
I can't, who knows? One
thing though, that I noticed
though, is that native node
modules are supported, but why
is Adam shell using a
different version of VA, the
JavaScript engine than official note?
So Adam shall always uses
the VA that is bundled
with Chrome, which means that
the, the version of node
you run in in Adam
shell is a little bit
weird. It's patched a little
bit to make it compatible
with the version of VA.
The version of V8 that
node JS proper uses is
pretty out of date actually.
And so basically the fork
of the fork of no
JS IO dot JS is
trying to fix that and
come up to the latest
official versions of VA. Is
that why that happened? Yep.
Well, one of the reasons
it's, it's, it's complicated PM.
It is complicated, but that's
interesting though. So you're saying
that the relationship, not the,
not the interpersonal relationship, but
the technical relationship between Chrome,
the browser and V8, the
JavaScript virtual machine is architected
in such a way that
it's not optimal. And some
people feel strongly about that,
that, that way. Yeah. Yeah.
And I mean, for the
applications that node node uses,
it's not super important to
keep it, you know, the
very, very latest version. Sure.
In future versions of Adam
shell is actually switching to
IO JS, which means that
they'll both track. Both of
these projects will track the
latest VA public VA version.
That's a whole, we should
probably have a whole other
podcast on that because that's
very interesting by making that
decision. It, it cements IO
dot, JS as a thing
that will be around for
awhile, but it also makes
a very strong technical declaration
of we think it should
be done this way. Yeah,
I think so. I think
it's, I think it's a
little bit more just to
keep up with the latest,
latest stuff. Well, you would
want the latest stuff. If
you have an auto updating
high-tech, you know, windows, desktop
app, you want it to
be using whatever the best
thing that's available is. Yeah,
exactly. So the reason that
I brought that up though,
is that that Adam shell
uses a different VA version
is that there's a thing
called APM rather than NPM.
Can you explain that? Sure.
So, so APM is for
Adam, the Adam, the, the
text editor and APM is
a way to install your,
your text editor plugins. That's
a little bit different from
NPM because they, they use
a different registry. Cause it
wouldn't, wouldn't make sense to
put like a, my cool
Adam UI theme in the
NPM registry. You know, that
makes sense. And it also
does something that is a
little bit like obscure, but
so when you build NPM
modules, it's built against your,
against your system, no JS,
and we need to rebuild
it against Adam shells, no
JS and APM handles that.
But actually in, in newer
versions of Adam's show, we
want to get away from
APM. You having to use
APM for anything. APM should
just be for Adam the
text editor. Yeah. When I
saw that, it was like,
gosh, I felt like I
was being taken farther and
farther away from the ecosystem
that has the most support,
you know, like when there's
a parallel package manager and
a parallel version of VA
and a parallel, this, it
makes me wonder like, gosh,
if I'm going to bet
my company on like Adam
shell or at least bet
my app on it, all
of these different interdependent pieces
and another package manager are
those things that I want
to have to worry about.
Cause they could go away
someday. Yeah. Yeah. So, so
Adam shell, the desktop technology
doesn't use a PMs package
or industry at all. It
uses NPM just like everyone
else in no JS world.
The only thing it uses
one command to rebuild it
used to now it doesn't.
Okay. So Adam shell doesn't
use APM for native node
modules. Yeah. It now will
use its own its own
build process. And in fact,
one of the projects that
I work on that I
kind of, when I, when
I started this Adam shell
wasn't particularly suited for building
things that weren't Adam, the
text editor. And so I
took, I took the Adam
source code and forked it
and, and retooled it a
little bit so that it
makes it way easier to
start your own projects that
are kind of production quality
in the sense that like
it does all the build
stuff for you. It like
we'll set a nice icon.
It'll set the like, you
know, on an executable, you
gotta set the, you know,
file version info and stuff
like that. And I call
this project it's Adam slash
Adam shell starter. So it's
like a starting project to
get people going really quickly
with Adam shell. But is
that something, is that a
Paul bets production or is
that an Adam production? That's
on the Adam repo. I'm
the one who did it.
We have a bunch of
contributors. The Adam, the Adam
team is really excited to
see that be successful. So
they've been sending PRS to
it as well. And, but
the reason I brought it
up going back is that
it handles all this rebuilding
native module stuff for you.
Like you don't have to
think about it. Like it
just, it just, it just
does it. So you just,
you just say NPM install
Michael module and you run
the build and then it
everything's done for you. Okay,
good. Now you said that
it is, it is a
fee. It's a, it's a,
it's a, I took all
the build stuff from Adam,
the text editor and kind
of like cleaned it up.
Oh, I see. So you
kind of combined two things.
Yeah. So you don't have
to, you don't have to,
you can rename the app
and set, you know, your
own names and stuff like
that. And it doesn't, hard-code
the word Adam everywhere basically.
So Adam shells starter is
the file new project. It's
the place to start from
basically. Yeah. And really people
absolutely should start from here.
Would you say there's no
reason not to, And especially
because it has that script
run, that makes it really
easy to like, like run
the app iterate and make
a change, run the app,
make a change. Now when
I'm on a, on a
windows application, I think about
the background threads and the
threads that don't have a
UI relationship. And then I
think about the threads that
are in the UI. And
I always have to think
about jumping between those contexts.
Does Adam have a similar
concept? Yeah. So every window
has its own just like
Adam or Chrome rather has
multiple processes. Adam shell has
multiple processes. So your app
will start off with the
browser process with CA it's.
They have very confusing names.
So they, the initial, no
JS will run loop that
you start off with is
called the browser process. So
the thing that is not
a browser is the browser
context. Exactly. The thing that
doesn't have a Dom is
called the browser process. It
makes total sense. And so
every window that you create
will have its own process
and that's called a render
process. And so the browser
process is something you want
to do as little as
possible. And basically like you
just want to immediately open
a window cause you don't,
you don't have Chrome dev
tools in the browser process.
You just have a no
JS run loop that has
very, it's very, it's much
more tricky to bug. So
you don't want to do
much there. You basically just
want to open a browser
window immediately where you can
actually do stuff and see
the render process, which is
your, your, your Chrome. You've
got the Dom you got,
you've got dev tools. You've
got all this stuff. Okay.
So then that means that
your code should probably be
in the rendering context, what
I would think of as
the browser. Yeah, exactly. And
so there are tools, there
are a bunch of APIs
to talk between them. So
certain API APIs are only
available in the browser browser
process. What's an example. Why
would I ever want to
be there? It sounds like
you're saying I should never
go there. So an example
is, Let me think about
that. Like, what's something that
I would just, I can't,
you know, like Creating other
windows is, is in the
browser process. Okay. So it's
almost like your, your main,
like yeah. I mean, it's
the place you used to
just jump off. You're not
gonna spend a lot of
time there. Yeah, exactly, exactly.
Okay. What are some great
applications that have been written
in Adam shell? There is
a group of, what's it
called? Mapbox. Mapbox is writing
their, their main desktop application
in Adam shell. They're a,
they're a startup around creating
maps. Yeah. They're open source
design and data Mapbox JS.
Yeah. Yeah. Who else? We're
writing our, I think slacks
when Slack releases their windows
application, we will be the
biggest Adam shell application, even
bigger than Adam. So Really,
so this is really kind
of a burgeoning thing. This
isn't something for people who
are listening, this isn't something
that necessarily snuck up on
them and they've never heard
of it and it's taken
over the world, but this
is the beginning of something
that could potentially be very
bad. Yeah. It's a, it's
has a lot of potential.
I'm really excited about it.
Is there a Slack Mac
app and Linux app, or
are you making all three,
The Mac app? We already
have a Mac app that
was previously written using different
technology. We have, we actually
build the Slack windows app
on all three platforms just
in case it, well, you
know, like in contact when
they have the second time
machine, just in case, you
know, they find it in
Japan. It's kind of the
same thing. Very nice reference
there. For those of you
who did not see the
movie contact. Well, you know,
it's a big sprinkler Alert
here now. 10 years later.
Yeah. So those of you
who were not around in
the early two thousands, watching
that Jodi foster movie, there's
a second time machine, so
Yep. Yeah. Spoiler alert. We,
yeah, because the Mac app
for us is because we
have to do one show,
other Mac stuff in the
company. We it's way easier
to develop on, on Mac
for us just because we
don't have to boot new
VM and stuff. So we
develop our windows app on
Mac and we also have
the windows after it runs
on Mac. And it also
runs on Linux too, But
you must have some native
module stuff. So is there
something that you're doing that
works only on windows because
that's your target? We have
a few, a very few
if deaths like around the
notification tray, like we just
don't show it. If it's
on non windows or, or
updating framework is different on
different platforms on Mac, on
Mac, we'll use the builtin
auto updater and on windows,
we'll use squirrel for windows.
So we have to do
a few if desperate, very
few, actually like, like a
lot of things are handled
for us, which is really
nice. When I do testing
of web apps, I've always
been a fan of selenium
and using WebDriver. Can I
use something like selenium to
test an Adam shell app?
Yeah, definitely. So we have,
we have unit tests that
we use Jasmine and a
script that we'll just launch
the app in a special
mode. So it'll just know
that it's in test mode
and it'll launch a, you
know, a window with and
run, run all the specs
and then immediately quit. And
since you have control of,
of the browser itself and
like the entire app, you
can just make it say
like, Oh, I have test
mode. And like I'll just
launch the app and run
all the tests and stuff
like that next time. So
you can use all kinds
of web testing technologies. We
picked Jasmine because it was
kind of Adam, the text
editor picked Jasmine and works
really well for us. So
What does the app do
if there's, if I'm in
airplane mode, if I'm on
an airplane, cause you know,
Slack is a service in
the cloud, but at the
same time it's an offline
app. It should do something
offline Right now. It does.
It just tells you you're
offline, which is unfortunate. What
do you think it should
do? And what would an
Adam shell app do if
it's offline? I mean, Adam,
the editor works fine offline.
Yeah. So most, most Adam
shell apps are not going
to be a frame for
web content. So we're, we're
kind of a, a unique
Adam shell app. Your Adam
shell up that you would
write would definitely work offline
and would just do all
the same things that Adam,
the texted her were like
in, in terms of like
offline support and stuff. So
to make sure I put
something in the context, let's,
let's say that I have,
I want to write an
application. That's I'm gonna work
offline. It'll be written in
Adam shell and it's going
to be like a, I'm
a poll taker, right. I'm
sitting there with tablet and
I'm going to have a
form and I'm going to
hit submit when I hit
submit in this and this
web applique, this web Adam
shell application, I'm not on
the internet. Where would the
data go? Does it get
posted back to a little
listener or am I catching
it in the client side
and putting in a database?
How does that work? Is
this an entirely client side
world? It's an entire client
side world. So you could,
you could handle that air
and stuff into local storage.
So you get all the,
all the web local storage
technologies. Adam shell actually removes
all the limits on them.
So you can, you're not
limited to like five MB
of data on local storage.
Like you normally are, or
you can do things what's
really exciting is in Chrome
40, which is the one
that just got released last
night, actually in Adam shell,
you have service workers. And
so service workers are this
really interesting technology that's coming
up in Chrome that basically
allows you to override how
the browser handles network requests.
And so you can say
like, Oh, if this failed,
like this network request failed,
then please give it this
other content instead, like, forget
about it and give me
this other thing. Or you
can say like, Oh, I
would like, I would like
to, I for this request,
I want to do the
caching and have custom behavior.
Oh, okay. So I can
go and say, you know,
grab this if you can,
but if not, I'll be
handling it this way. Exactly.
This is the fetch API.
Yeah, exactly. It's the fetch
API. Hmm. Interesting. Okay. And
theoretically, this could add a
whole level of sophistication to
web applications that want to
take advantage of it and
also the, the cache API,
because it puts you in
programmatic control of exactly. What's
getting, getting shoved into the,
into the Dom eventually. Exactly.
And Adam shell, it's especially
interesting because in, in normal
Chrome, that cash and fetch
context is, is pretty limited.
You can, you can access,
you know, a bunch of
stuff, but an Adam shell
and you can access anything
you want here right here.
A desktop app And service
workers is pretty new. This
is November of last year
that the W3C did a
working draft on that. So
it is a standard though.
So it should happen everywhere
eventually. Yup. Yup. Very cool.
Well, thanks so much folks.
And check this out at
github.com/adam/adam-shell, right? Yep. Adam shell
is the, is the, is
the project for the source
code and Adam dash shell
dash starter is the, is
the kind of starting project
that I wrote. And then
what's the other project that
you're known for that we
had you on the show
a number of years for,
Yeah. So I've written a
lot of projects, C sharp
projects. My biggest one is
this project called reactive UI.
And so that is a
MVVM framework that integrates the
reactive extensions for.net. Yup. And
you can check that out@reactiveui.net.
You've got a shiny new
website for that. Yeah, yeah.
That was contributed by a,
by an external contributor. You
did. Okay. It's a really
lovely thing. And you continue
to do great things for
the community, Paul and we
Appreciate you. Yeah. Thanks. This
has been another episode of
Hanselminutes and we'll see you
again next week.